Remove csstriggers.com links (#9185)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/animations-and-performance/index.md

Where you can, you should avoid animating properties that trigger layout or paint. For most modern browsers, this means limiting animations to `opacity` or `transform`, both of which the browser can highly optimize; it doesn’t matter if the animation is handled by JavaScript or CSS.

> You can find a full guide on creating [High Performance Animations on HTML5 Rocks](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/speed/high-performance-animations/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read a full guide on creating [high performance animations](/animations-guide/).
```
